# ml_basics
This repo consists of the exercises from the following DataCamp courses:
- __[Supervised Learning with scikit-learn](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/supervised-learning-with-scikit-learn)__: _Grow your machine learning skills with scikit-learn and discover how to use this popular Python library to train models using labeled data. In this course, you'll learn how to make powerful predictions, such as whether a customer is will churn from your business, whether an individual has diabetes, and even how to tell classify the genre of a song. Using real-world datasets, you'll find out how to build predictive models, tune their parameters, and determine how well they will perform with unseen data_
-  __[Anomaly Detection in Python](https://app.datacamp.com/learn/courses/anomaly-detection-in-python)__:
    - __Spot Anomalies in Your Data Analysis__: _Extreme values or anomalies are present in almost any dataset, and it is critical to detect and deal with them before continuing statistical exploration. When left untouched, anomalies can easily disrupt your analyses and skew the performance of machine learning models._
    - __Learn to Use Estimators Like Isolation Forest and Local Outlier Factor__: _In this course, you'll leverage Python to implement a variety of anomaly detection methods. You'll spot extreme values visually and use tested statistical techniques like Median Absolute Deviation for univariate datasets. For multivariate data, you'll learn to use estimators such as Isolation Forest, k-Nearest-Neighbors, and Local Outlier Factor. You'll also learn how to ensemble multiple outlier classifiers into a low-risk final estimator. You'll walk away with an essential data science tool in your belt: anomaly detection with Python._
    - __Expand Your Python Statistical Toolkit__: _Better anomaly detection means better understanding of your data, and particularly, better root cause analysis and communication around system behaviour. Adding this skill to your existing Python repertoire will help you with data cleaning, fraud detection, and identifying system disturbances._
